DATASET CONTEXT SCHEMA AND SAMPLE DATA
========================================
Total Columns: 305
Total Sample Rows Provided: 4

--- COLUMN DEFINITIONS ---
1. StartDate (Example: Start Date)
2. EndDate (Example: End Date)
3. Status (Example: Response Type)
4. IPAddress (Example: IP Address)
5. Progress (Example: Progress)
6. Duration (in seconds) (Example: Duration (in seconds))
7. Finished (Example: Finished)
8. RecordedDate (Example: Recorded Date)
9. ResponseId (Example: Response ID)
10. RecipientLastName (Example: Recipient Last Name)
11. RecipientFirstName (Example: Recipient First Name)
12. RecipientEmail (Example: Recipient Email)
13. ExternalReference (Example: External Data Reference)
14. LocationLatitude (Example: Location Latitude)
15. LocationLongitude (Example: Location Longitude)
16. DistributionChannel (Example: Distribution Channel)
17. UserLanguage (Example: User Language)
18. Informed Consent (Example: Informed Consent of Participation

 You are invited to participate in this online study, conducted by Simon Roedig as part of a Master's Thesis in Human-Computer Interaction. The research is supervised by Laura Schütz and Thomas Weber under the direction of Prof. Dr. Albrecht Schmidt (Media Informatics Group, LMU Munich).

Please note:

• Your participation is voluntary.

• The online study will last approximately 40 minutes.

• We will record personal demographics (age, gender, country of origin, native language, English proficiency, hearing assessment, musical background). No names or IP addresses will be linked to the survey data.

• We will record interaction data (e.g., clicks, timings) during the session.

• All data you provide will be published completely anonymized; it will not include your name and cannot be associated with your identity.

• You may choose to receive compensation for your participation in the form of either:

 – Study Participation Hours (MMI Points) (0.25 points per commenced 15-minute interval), or

 – Monetary compensation at a rate of €12 per hour, prorated based on participation time.

Compensation details will be provided at the end of the study. Any contact information collected for compensation purposes will be stored separately from your study responses and will not be linked to your survey data. 

1. Purpose and Goal of this Research

The purpose of this research is to investigate how future smart glasses can intelligently adapt auditory notifications based on a user's physical, social, and acoustic environment. The goal is to understand user preferences for audio notification modalities (sounds vs. speech) and delivery timing across various simulated everyday situations. The anonymized results of this research may be presented at scientific meetings or published in scientific journals.

2. Participation and Withdrawal

Your participation in this online study is strictly voluntary. You will be one of approximately 30–40 people surveyed for this research. You may withdraw and discontinue participation at any time simply by closing your browser window. You may also refuse to answer any questions you do not want to answer. At any time and without giving any reason, you can notify us that you want to withdraw your consent (GDPR Art. 7(3)). If you withdraw before completing the survey, any partial data collected will be deleted.

3. Procedure

As part of this study, you will:

• Answer basic demographic and background questions.

• Familiarize yourself with three different audio notification types using your headphones.

• Immerse yourself in six visual/auditory scenarios and evaluate the notifications for each.

• Answer concluding questions regarding your overall preferences and system design.

4. Risks and Benefits

There are no anticipated risks associated with this online study. Discomforts or inconveniences will be minor and are unlikely to happen. You will not directly benefit from participation, but your input will help advance knowledge in the field of Context-Aware Human-Computer Interaction.

5. Data Protection and Confidentiality

The legal basis for processing personal data is the participant's consent pursuant to Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR. The GDPR guarantees a set of rights to data subjects, including:

• The right to access your personal data (GDPR Art. 15).

• The right to correct inaccurate personal data (GDPR Art. 16).

• The right to have your personal data deleted (GDPR Art. 17).

• The right to limit or object to the processing of your personal data (GDPR Art. 18 & 21).

We will record personal demographics and interaction logs during the online study. All data you provide will be stored and published strictly anonymized. We will remove any personal information that could identify you before publishing the data, ensuring no one can trace the information back to you. Your anonymized data will be stored for up to 10 years (in accordance with good scientific practice guidelines by the DFG). Anonymized data collected may be shared publicly in scientific repositories (e.g., Open Science Framework) for open science purposes.

6. Identification of Investigators

If you have any questions or concerns about the research or your rights as a participant, please feel free to contact:

• Conductor: Simon Roedig (simon.roedig@campus.lmu.de)

• Supervisors: Laura Schütz (laura.schuetz@tum.de) and Thomas Weber (thomas.weber@ifi.lmu.de)

• Department Head: Prof. Dr. Albrecht Schmidt (LMU Munich)

7. Informed Consent and Agreement

This consent form will be retained securely and in compliance with the GDPR for no longer than necessary.


Participation in this study requires agreement to all consent statements below. If you do not wish to provide consent, please close the survey and do not proceed:)
19. tconsent_First Click (Example: Timing - First Click)
20. tconsent_Last Click (Example: Timing - Last Click)
21. tconsent_Page Submit (Example: Timing - Page Submit)
22. tconsent_Click Count (Example: Timing - Click Count)
23. Desktop Laptop (Example: To participate in this study, you must be using a desktop or laptop computer (not a mobile phone). Are you using a desktop or laptop computer?)
24. Headphones (Example: This study requires the use of headphones/earbuds. Are you wearing headphones/earbuds? Please put them on now.)
25. Headphone Check (Example: 🎧 Please listen to the following audio clip and indicate whether the sound is played from the
 left channel, right channel, or both channels.




    
    Dein Browser unterstützt das Audio-Element nicht.



Qualtrics.SurveyEngine.addOnload(function () {

    var audio = document.getElementById("stimulusAudio2");
    if (!audio) return;

    // Force full volume initially
    audio.volume = 1;
    audio.muted = false;

    // Prevent participant from changing volume
    audio.addEventListener("volumechange", function () {
        setTimeout(function () {
            audio.volume = 1;
            audio.muted = false;
        }, 0);
    });

    // Ensure consistent playback behavior
    audio.addEventListener("play", function () {
        audio.volume = 1;
        audio.muted = false;
    });

});)
26. tintro_First Click (Example: Timing - First Click)
27. tintro_Last Click (Example: Timing - Last Click)
28. tintro_Page Submit (Example: Timing - Page Submit)
29. tintro_Click Count (Example: Timing - Click Count)
30. Age (Example: What is your age?)
31. Gender (Example: What is your gender?)
32. Language (Example: What is your native/primary language?)
33. English Skill_1 (Example: Please rate your English proficiency for understanding spoken English - English proficiency)
34. Impairment (Example: Have you ever been diagnosed with a hearing impairment? - Selected Choice)
35. Impairment_2_TEXT (Example: Have you ever been diagnosed with a hearing impairment? - Yes (Describe) - Text)
36. My Notif Settings (Example: On your primary smartphone, what is your standard notification setting for incoming private messages (e.g., WhatsApp)?)
37. My Notif SettingsWhy (Example: What is the primary reason for your chosen notification setting? (Select multiple) - Selected Choice)
38. My Notif SettingsWhy_6_TEXT (Example: What is the primary reason for your chosen notification setting? (Select multiple) - Other: - Text)
39. Glass Experience_1 (Example: Have you ever used smart (AI) glasses (e.g. Meta Ray-Ban)? - Experience)
40. Which Notif Auditory (Example: Imagine you are wearing smart glasses with private speakers (no integrated display) in your everyday life. Which of the following (smartphone) notifications would you actually want to receive AUDITORILY 🔉 through the glasses? (Only you can hear them) - Selected Choice)
41. Which Notif Auditory_9_TEXT (Example: Imagine you are wearing smart glasses with private speakers (no integrated display) in your everyday life. Which of the following (smartphone) notifications would you actually want to receive AUDITORILY 🔉 through the glasses? (Only you can hear them) - Others: - Text)
42. Notif ImprtancUrgent_1 (Example: Please indicate how strongly you agree or disagree with the following statements. - I would only want my smart glasses to notify me auditorily about messages (e.g. from WhatsApp) that are highly important.)
43. Notif ImprtancUrgent_2 (Example: Please indicate how strongly you agree or disagree with the following statements. - I would only want my smart glasses to notify me auditorily about messages (e.g. from WhatsApp) that are highly urgent.)
44. tdemographics_First Click (Example: Timing - First Click)
45. tdemographics_Last Click (Example: Timing - Last Click)
46. tdemographics_Page Submit (Example: Timing - Page Submit)
47. tdemographics_Click Count (Example: Timing - Click Count)
48. Sender Check (Example: Check: Which two versions informed you about the sender's name?)
49. Preference (Example: Imagine you are wearing smart glasses with private speakers (only you can hear the audio). You receive this urgent and important notification from Lilly. Generally, independent of your current situation and task, how would you prefer to be notified?)
50. Preference Text (Example: Briefly explain why you prefer your chosen version. (Answer in English or German))
51. Speech Opinion_1 (Example: Please indicate to what extent you agree with the following statements. - If my smart glasses suddenly read a message out loud to me instead of just playing a standard "ding" sound, my first assumption would be that the message is highly urgent and important.)
52. Speech Opinion_2 (Example: Please indicate to what extent you agree with the following statements. - If I were wearing smart glasses with private speakers in my everyday life, I would find it acceptable for the system to read notifications out loud without my explicit request.)
53. Speech Opinion 2 (Example: You indicated that you:

[QID163-ChoiceGroup-SelectedAnswers-2]

that it is acceptable for your smart glasses to read notifications out loud without your explicit request.

Which of the following factors influenced your answer? - Selected Choice)
54. Speech Opinion 2_10_TEXT (Example: You indicated that you:

[QID163-ChoiceGroup-SelectedAnswers-2]

that it is acceptable for your smart glasses to read notifications out loud without your explicit request.

Which of the following factors influenced your answer? - Other (please specify): - Text)
55. Maximum Length (Example: What is the maximum length of a spoken notification you would find acceptable in most situations? (Can Select Multiple) - Selected Choice)
56. Maximum Length_7_TEXT (Example: What is the maximum length of a spoken notification you would find acceptable in most situations? (Can Select Multiple) - Other: - Text)
57. Summary Acceptance_1 (Example: Please indicate to what extent you agree with the following statement. - I find it highly acceptable if the system automatically summarized LONG WhatsApp messages instead of reading the exact text.)
58. tfamiliar_First Click (Example: Timing - First Click)
59. tfamiliar_Last Click (Example: Timing - Last Click)
60. tfamiliar_Page Submit (Example: Timing - Page Submit)
61. tfamiliar_Click Count (Example: Timing - Click Count)
62. tinstruct_First Click (Example: Timing - First Click)
63. tinstruct_Last Click (Example: Timing - Last Click)
64. tinstruct_Page Submit (Example: Timing - Page Submit)
65. tinstruct_Click Count (Example: Timing - Click Count)
66. A. Appropriateness_1 (Example: Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🔔 Version 1)
67. A. Appropriateness_2 (Example: Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️ Version 2)
68. A. Appropriateness_3 (Example: Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
69. A. Detectability_1 (Example: How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🔔 Version 1)
70. A. Detectability_2 (Example: How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️ Version 2)
71. A. Detectability_3 (Example: How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
72. A. Disruption_1 (Example: How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🔔 Version 1)
73. A. Disruption_2 (Example: How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️ Version 2)
74. A. Disruption_3 (Example: How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
75. A. Social_1 (Example: How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🔔 Version 1)
76. A. Social_2 (Example: How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️ Version 2)
77. A. Social_3 (Example: How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
78. A. Overall (Example: Overall, which audio notification would you prefer in this situation?)
79. A. Why Text (Example: Briefly share the reason behind your preference: (Answer in English or German))
80. A. Overall Why (Example: Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Selected Choice)
81. A. Overall Why_6_TEXT (Example: Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Other (please specify): - Text)
82. A. Timing (Example: When would you want an audio notification to play? - Selected Choice)
83. A. Timing_5_TEXT (Example: When would you want an audio notification to play? - Other: - Text)
84. A. Timing Follow (Example: If you chose to delay the notification in the previous question, which version would you prefer the system to play when that later time arrives?)
85. A. Why Timing Text (Example: Briefly share the reason behind your preferred timing (and, if you chose to delay, why you prefer that specific notification version when the time arrives))
86. tscenea_First Click (Example: Timing - First Click)
87. tscenea_Last Click (Example: Timing - Last Click)
88. tscenea_Page Submit (Example: Timing - Page Submit)
89. tscenea_Click Count (Example: Timing - Click Count)
90. B. Appropriateness_1 (Example: Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🔔 Version 1)
91. B. Appropriateness_2 (Example: Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️ Version 2)
92. B. Appropriateness_3 (Example: Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
93. B. Detectability_1 (Example: How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🔔 Version 1)
94. B. Detectability_2 (Example: How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️ Version 2)
95. B. Detectability_3 (Example: How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
96. B. Disruption_1 (Example: How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🔔 Version 1)
97. B. Disruption_2 (Example: How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️ Version 2)
98. B. Disruption_3 (Example: How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
99. B. Social_1 (Example: How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🔔 Version 1)
100. B. Social_2 (Example: How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️ Version 2)
101. B. Social_3 (Example: How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
102. B. Overall (Example: Overall, which audio notification would you prefer in this situation?)
103. B. Why Text (Example: Briefly share the reason behind your preference: (Answer in English or German))
104. B. Overall Why (Example: Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Selected Choice)
105. B. Overall Why_6_TEXT (Example: Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Other (please specify): - Text)
106. B. Timing (Example: When would you want an audio notification to play? - Selected Choice)
107. B. Timing_5_TEXT (Example: When would you want an audio notification to play? - Other: - Text)
108. B. Timing Follow (Example: If you chose to delay the notification in the previous question, which version would you prefer the system to play when that later time arrives?)
109. B. Why Timing Text (Example: Briefly share the reason behind your preferred timing (and, if you chose to delay, why you prefer that specific notification version when the time arrives))
110. tsceneb_First Click (Example: Timing - First Click)
111. tsceneb_Last Click (Example: Timing - Last Click)
112. tsceneb_Page Submit (Example: Timing - Page Submit)
113. tsceneb_Click Count (Example: Timing - Click Count)
114. C. Appropriateness_1 (Example: Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🔔 Version 1)
115. C. Appropriateness_2 (Example: Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️ Version 2)
116. C. Appropriateness_3 (Example: Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
117. C. Detectability_1 (Example: How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🔔 Version 1)
118. C. Detectability_2 (Example: How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️ Version 2)
119. C. Detectability_3 (Example: How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
120. C. Disruption_1 (Example: How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🔔 Version 1)
121. C. Disruption_2 (Example: How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️ Version 2)
122. C. Disruption_3 (Example: How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
123. C. Social_1 (Example: How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🔔 Version 1)
124. C. Social_2 (Example: How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️ Version 2)
125. C. Social_3 (Example: How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
126. C. Overall (Example: Overall, which audio notification would you prefer in this situation?)
127. C. Why Text (Example: Briefly share the reason behind your preference: (Answer in English or German))
128. C. Overall Why (Example: Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Selected Choice)
129. C. Overall Why_6_TEXT (Example: Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Other (please specify): - Text)
130. C. Timing (Example: When would you want an audio notification to play? - Selected Choice)
131. C. Timing_5_TEXT (Example: When would you want an audio notification to play? - Other: - Text)
132. C. Timing Follow (Example: If you chose to delay the notification in the previous question, which version would you prefer the system to play when that later time arrives?)
133. C. Why Timing Text (Example: Briefly share the reason behind your preferred timing (and, if you chose to delay, why you prefer that specific notification version when the time arrives))
134. tscenec_First Click (Example: Timing - First Click)
135. tscenec_Last Click (Example: Timing - Last Click)
136. tscenec_Page Submit (Example: Timing - Page Submit)
137. tscenec_Click Count (Example: Timing - Click Count)
138. Attention Check 1_1 (Example: To ensure our survey is working correctly, please select 'Somewhat disagree' for this question. - Select)
139. tattention1_First Click (Example: Timing - First Click)
140. tattention1_Last Click (Example: Timing - Last Click)
141. tattention1_Page Submit (Example: Timing - Page Submit)
142. tattention1_Click Count (Example: Timing - Click Count)
143. D. Appropriateness_1 (Example: Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🔔 Version 1)
144. D. Appropriateness_2 (Example: Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️ Version 2)
145. D. Appropriateness_3 (Example: Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
146. D. Detectability_1 (Example: How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🔔 Version 1)
147. D. Detectability_2 (Example: How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️ Version 2)
148. D. Detectability_3 (Example: How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
149. D. Disruption_1 (Example: How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🔔 Version 1)
150. D. Disruption_2 (Example: How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️ Version 2)
151. D. Disruption_3 (Example: How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
152. D. Social_1 (Example: How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🔔 Version 1)
153. D. Social_2 (Example: How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️ Version 2)
154. D. Social_3 (Example: How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
155. D. Overall (Example: Overall, which audio notification would you prefer in this situation?)
156. D. Why Text (Example: Briefly share the reason behind your preference: (Answer in English or German))
157. D. Overall Why (Example: Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Selected Choice)
158. D. Overall Why_6_TEXT (Example: Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Other (please specify): - Text)
159. D. Timing (Example: When would you want an audio notification to play? - Selected Choice)
160. D. Timing_5_TEXT (Example: When would you want an audio notification to play? - Other: - Text)
161. D. Timing Follow (Example: If you chose to delay the notification in the previous question, which version would you prefer the system to play when that later time arrives?)
162. D. Why Timing Text (Example: Briefly share the reason behind your preferred timing (and, if you chose to delay, why you prefer that specific notification version when the time arrives))
163. tscened_First Click (Example: Timing - First Click)
164. tscened_Last Click (Example: Timing - Last Click)
165. tscened_Page Submit (Example: Timing - Page Submit)
166. tscened_Click Count (Example: Timing - Click Count)
167. E. Appropriateness_1 (Example: Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🔔 Version 1)
168. E. Appropriateness_2 (Example: Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️ Version 2)
169. E. Appropriateness_3 (Example: Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
170. E. Detectability_1 (Example: How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🔔 Version 1)
171. E. Detectability_2 (Example: How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️ Version 2)
172. E. Detectability_3 (Example: How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
173. E. Disruption_1 (Example: How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🔔 Version 1)
174. E. Disruption_2 (Example: How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️ Version 2)
175. E. Disruption_3 (Example: How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
176. E. Social_1 (Example: How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🔔 Version 1)
177. E. Social_2 (Example: How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️ Version 2)
178. E. Social_3 (Example: How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
179. E. Overall (Example: Overall, which audio notification would you prefer in this situation?)
180. E. Why Text (Example: Briefly share the reason behind your preference: (Answer in English or German))
181. E. Overall Why (Example: Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Selected Choice)
182. E. Overall Why_6_TEXT (Example: Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Other (please specify): - Text)
183. E. Timing (Example: When would you want an audio notification to play? - Selected Choice)
184. E. Timing_5_TEXT (Example: When would you want an audio notification to play? - Other: - Text)
185. E. Timing Follow (Example: If you chose to delay the notification in the previous question, which version would you prefer the system to play when that later time arrives?)
186. E. Why Timing Text (Example: Briefly share the reason behind your preferred timing (and, if you chose to delay, why you prefer that specific notification version when the time arrives))
187. tscenee_First Click (Example: Timing - First Click)
188. tscenee_Last Click (Example: Timing - Last Click)
189. tscenee_Page Submit (Example: Timing - Page Submit)
190. tscenee_Click Count (Example: Timing - Click Count)
191. F. Appropriateness_1 (Example: Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🔔 Version 1)
192. F. Appropriateness_2 (Example: Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️ Version 2)
193. F. Appropriateness_3 (Example: Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
194. F. Detectability_1 (Example: How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🔔 Version 1)
195. F. Detectability_2 (Example: How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️ Version 2)
196. F. Detectability_3 (Example: How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
197. F. Disruption_1 (Example: How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🔔 Version 1)
198. F. Disruption_2 (Example: How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️ Version 2)
199. F. Disruption_3 (Example: How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
200. F. Social_1 (Example: How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🔔 Version 1)
201. F. Social_2 (Example: How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️ Version 2)
202. F. Social_3 (Example: How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
203. F. Overall (Example: Overall, which audio notification would you prefer in this situation?)
204. F. Why Text (Example: Briefly share the reason behind your preference: (Answer in English or German))
205. F. Overall Why (Example: Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Selected Choice)
206. F. Overall Why_6_TEXT (Example: Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Other (please specify): - Text)
207. F. Timing (Example: When would you want an audio notification to play? - Selected Choice)
208. F. Timing_5_TEXT (Example: When would you want an audio notification to play? - Other: - Text)
209. F. Timing Follow (Example: If you chose to delay the notification in the previous question, which version would you prefer the system to play when that later time arrives?)
210. F. Why Timing Text (Example: Briefly share the reason behind your preferred timing (and, if you chose to delay, why you prefer that specific notification version when the time arrives))
211. tscenef_First Click (Example: Timing - First Click)
212. tscenef_Last Click (Example: Timing - Last Click)
213. tscenef_Page Submit (Example: Timing - Page Submit)
214. tscenef_Click Count (Example: Timing - Click Count)
215. Attention Check 2_1 (Example: To ensure our survey is working correctly, please select 'Agree' for this question. - Select)
216. tattention2_First Click (Example: Timing - First Click)
217. tattention2_Last Click (Example: Timing - Last Click)
218. tattention2_Page Submit (Example: Timing - Page Submit)
219. tattention2_Click Count (Example: Timing - Click Count)
220. G. Appropriateness_1 (Example: Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🔔 Version 1)
221. G. Appropriateness_2 (Example: Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️ Version 2)
222. G. Appropriateness_3 (Example: Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
223. G. Detectability_1 (Example: How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🔔 Version 1)
224. G. Detectability_2 (Example: How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️ Version 2)
225. G. Detectability_3 (Example: How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
226. G. Disruption_1 (Example: How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🔔 Version 1)
227. G. Disruption_2 (Example: How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️ Version 2)
228. G. Disruption_3 (Example: How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
229. G. Social_1 (Example: How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🔔 Version 1)
230. G. Social_2 (Example: How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️ Version 2)
231. G. Social_3 (Example: How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
232. G. Overall (Example: Overall, which audio notification would you prefer in this situation?)
233. G. Why Text (Example: Briefly share the reason behind your preference: (Answer in English or German))
234. G. Overall Why (Example: Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Selected Choice)
235. G. Overall Why_6_TEXT (Example: Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Other (please specify): - Text)
236. G. Timing (Example: When would you want an audio notification to play? - Selected Choice)
237. G. Timing_5_TEXT (Example: When would you want an audio notification to play? - Other: - Text)
238. G. Timing Follow (Example: If you chose to delay the notification in the previous question, which version would you prefer the system to play when that later time arrives?)
239. G. Why Timing Text (Example: Briefly share the reason behind your preferred timing (and, if you chose to delay, why you prefer that specific notification version when the time arrives))
240. tsceneg_First Click (Example: Timing - First Click)
241. tsceneg_Last Click (Example: Timing - Last Click)
242. tsceneg_Page Submit (Example: Timing - Page Submit)
243. tsceneg_Click Count (Example: Timing - Click Count)
244. H. Appropriateness_1 (Example: Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🔔 Version 1)
245. H. Appropriateness_2 (Example: Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️ Version 2)
246. H. Appropriateness_3 (Example: Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
247. H. Detectability_1 (Example: How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🔔 Version 1)
248. H. Detectability_2 (Example: How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️ Version 2)
249. H. Detectability_3 (Example: How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
250. H. Disruption_1 (Example: How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🔔 Version 1)
251. H. Disruption_2 (Example: How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️ Version 2)
252. H. Disruption_3 (Example: How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
253. H. Social_1 (Example: How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🔔 Version 1)
254. H. Social_2 (Example: How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️ Version 2)
255. H. Social_3 (Example: How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
256. H. Overall (Example: Overall, which audio notification would you prefer in this situation?)
257. H. Why Text (Example: Briefly share the reason behind your preference: (Answer in English or German))
258. H. Overall Why (Example: Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Selected Choice)
259. H. Overall Why_6_TEXT (Example: Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Other (please specify): - Text)
260. H. Timing (Example: When would you want an audio notification to play? - Selected Choice)
261. H. Timing_5_TEXT (Example: When would you want an audio notification to play? - Other: - Text)
262. H. Timing Follow (Example: If you chose to delay the notification in the previous question, which version would you prefer the system to play when that later time arrives?)
263. H. Why Timing Text (Example: Briefly share the reason behind your preferred timing (and, if you chose to delay, why you prefer that specific notification version when the time arrives))
264. tsceneh_First Click (Example: Timing - First Click)
265. tsceneh_Last Click (Example: Timing - Last Click)
266. tsceneh_Page Submit (Example: Timing - Page Submit)
267. tsceneh_Click Count (Example: Timing - Click Count)
268. I. Appropriateness_1 (Example: Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🔔 Version 1)
269. I. Appropriateness_2 (Example: Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️ Version 2)
270. I. Appropriateness_3 (Example: Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
271. I. Detectability_1 (Example: How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🔔 Version 1)
272. I. Detectability_2 (Example: How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️ Version 2)
273. I. Detectability_3 (Example: How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
274. I. Disruption_1 (Example: How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🔔 Version 1)
275. I. Disruption_2 (Example: How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️ Version 2)
276. I. Disruption_3 (Example: How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
277. I. Social_1 (Example: How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🔔 Version 1)
278. I. Social_2 (Example: How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️ Version 2)
279. I. Social_3 (Example: How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3)
280. I. Overall (Example: Overall, which audio notification would you prefer in this situation?)
281. I. Why Text (Example: Briefly share the reason behind your preference: (Answer in English or German))
282. I. Overall Why (Example: Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Selected Choice)
283. I. Overall Why_6_TEXT (Example: Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Other (please specify): - Text)
284. I. Timing (Example: When would you want an audio notification to play? - Selected Choice)
285. I. Timing_5_TEXT (Example: When would you want an audio notification to play? - Other: - Text)
286. I. Timing Follow (Example: If you chose to delay the notification in the previous question, which version would you prefer the system to play when that later time arrives?)
287. I. Why Timing Text (Example: Briefly share the reason behind your preferred timing (and, if you chose to delay, why you prefer that specific notification version when the time arrives))
288. tscenei_First Click (Example: Timing - First Click)
289. tscenei_Last Click (Example: Timing - Last Click)
290. tscenei_Page Submit (Example: Timing - Page Submit)
291. tscenei_Click Count (Example: Timing - Click Count)
292. Preference Matrix_1 (Example: In the previous scenarios, the WhatsApp message was an urgent and important question requiring your attention ('When are you here?'). If you were in a typical, everyday environment, which audio notification would you prefer for the following types of messages? - A simple acknowledgment (e.g., "Ok", "Sounds good", "👍"))
293. Preference Matrix_2 (Example: In the previous scenarios, the WhatsApp message was an urgent and important question requiring your attention ('When are you here?'). If you were in a typical, everyday environment, which audio notification would you prefer for the following types of messages? - A routine everyday update (e.g., "I finally finished reading that book you recommended."))
294. Preference Matrix_3 (Example: In the previous scenarios, the WhatsApp message was an urgent and important question requiring your attention ('When are you here?'). If you were in a typical, everyday environment, which audio notification would you prefer for the following types of messages? - Great news that doesn't require immediate action (e.g., "I just got the job!" or "We passed the exam!"))
295. Preference Matrix_4 (Example: In the previous scenarios, the WhatsApp message was an urgent and important question requiring your attention ('When are you here?'). If you were in a typical, everyday environment, which audio notification would you prefer for the following types of messages? - Time-sensitive situations requiring immediate action (e.g., "I'm waiting outside, come down!" or "Are you on your way?"))
296. Delay Matrix_1 (Example: Imagine your smart glasses detect that you are in a highly focused or busy situation (e.g., deep in work, conversation, or navigating traffic).

➡️ The system decides to delay the notification to avoid interrupting you.

Based on the type of message, what is the MAXIMUM delay you would find acceptable before the system must notify you? - A simple acknowledgment (e.g., "Ok", "Sounds good", "👍"))
297. Delay Matrix_2 (Example: Imagine your smart glasses detect that you are in a highly focused or busy situation (e.g., deep in work, conversation, or navigating traffic).

➡️ The system decides to delay the notification to avoid interrupting you.

Based on the type of message, what is the MAXIMUM delay you would find acceptable before the system must notify you? - A routine everyday update (e.g., "I finally finished reading that book you recommended."))
298. Delay Matrix_3 (Example: Imagine your smart glasses detect that you are in a highly focused or busy situation (e.g., deep in work, conversation, or navigating traffic).

➡️ The system decides to delay the notification to avoid interrupting you.

Based on the type of message, what is the MAXIMUM delay you would find acceptable before the system must notify you? - Great news that doesn't require immediate action (e.g., "I just got the job!" or "We passed the exam!"))
299. Delay Matrix_4 (Example: Imagine your smart glasses detect that you are in a highly focused or busy situation (e.g., deep in work, conversation, or navigating traffic).

➡️ The system decides to delay the notification to avoid interrupting you.

Based on the type of message, what is the MAXIMUM delay you would find acceptable before the system must notify you? - Time-sensitive situations requiring immediate action (e.g., "I'm waiting outside, come down!" or "Are you on your way?"))
300. Final (Example: We have reached the end of the study. If you have any additional comments, thoughts, or impressions you can share them here: (Optional, answer in English or German))
301. twrap_First Click (Example: Timing - First Click)
302. twrap_Last Click (Example: Timing - Last Click)
303. twrap_Page Submit (Example: Timing - Page Submit)
304. twrap_Click Count (Example: Timing - Click Count)
305. Q_TotalDuration (Example: Q_TotalDuration)

--- SAMPLE DATA ROWS ---
             StartDate              EndDate         Status    IPAddress  Progress  Duration (in seconds)  Finished         RecordedDate         ResponseId    RecipientLastName    RecipientFirstName   RecipientEmail        ExternalReference   LocationLatitude   LocationLongitude   DistributionChannel   UserLanguage                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Informed Consent  tconsent_First Click  tconsent_Last Click  tconsent_Page Submit  tconsent_Click Count                                                                                                                                  Desktop Laptop                                                                                                      Headphones                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Headphone Check    tintro_First Click    tintro_Last Click    tintro_Page Submit    tintro_Click Count                Age                Gender                               Language                                                                              English Skill_1                                                                 Impairment                                                                Impairment_2_TEXT                                                                                                       My Notif Settings                                                                                  My Notif SettingsWhy                                                                         My Notif SettingsWhy_6_TEXT                                                       Glass Experience_1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Which Notif Auditory                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Which Notif Auditory_9_TEXT                                                                                                                                                                                         Notif ImprtancUrgent_1                                                                                                                                                                                      Notif ImprtancUrgent_2 tdemographics_First Click tdemographics_Last Click tdemographics_Page Submit tdemographics_Click Count                                                     Sender Check                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Preference                                                                    Preference Text                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Speech Opinion_1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Speech Opinion_2                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Speech Opinion 2                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Speech Opinion 2_10_TEXT                                                                                                                             Maximum Length                                                                                                                    Maximum Length_7_TEXT                                                                                                                                                                                   Summary Acceptance_1 tfamiliar_First Click tfamiliar_Last Click tfamiliar_Page Submit tfamiliar_Click Count tinstruct_First Click tinstruct_Last Click tinstruct_Page Submit tinstruct_Click Count                                                                 A. Appropriateness_1                                                                  A. Appropriateness_2                                                                    A. Appropriateness_3                                                                      A. Detectability_1                                                                       A. Detectability_2                                                                         A. Detectability_3                                                                                A. Disruption_1                                                                                 A. Disruption_2                                                                                   A. Disruption_3                                                                                                A. Social_1                                                                                                 A. Social_2                                                                                                   A. Social_3                                                             A. Overall                                                                     A. Why Text                                                                                                                                                                                                  A. Overall Why                                                                                                                                           A. Overall Why_6_TEXT                                                                  A. Timing                                                    A. Timing_5_TEXT                                                                                                                                  A. Timing Follow                                                                                                                                           A. Why Timing Text   tscenea_First Click   tscenea_Last Click   tscenea_Page Submit   tscenea_Click Count                                                                 B. Appropriateness_1                                                                  B. Appropriateness_2                                                                    B. Appropriateness_3                                                                      B. Detectability_1                                                                       B. Detectability_2                                                                         B. Detectability_3                                                                                B. Disruption_1                                                                                 B. Disruption_2                                                                                   B. Disruption_3                                                                                                B. Social_1                                                                                                 B. Social_2                                                                                                   B. Social_3                                                             B. Overall                                                                     B. Why Text                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         B. Overall Why                                                                                                                                           B. Overall Why_6_TEXT                                                             B. Timing                                                    B. Timing_5_TEXT                                                                                                                                  B. Timing Follow                                                                                                                                           B. Why Timing Text   tsceneb_First Click   tsceneb_Last Click   tsceneb_Page Submit   tsceneb_Click Count                                                                 C. Appropriateness_1                                                                  C. Appropriateness_2                                                                    C. Appropriateness_3                                                                      C. Detectability_1                                                                       C. Detectability_2                                                                         C. Detectability_3                                                                                C. Disruption_1                                                                                 C. Disruption_2                                                                                   C. Disruption_3                                                                                                C. Social_1                                                                                                 C. Social_2                                                                                                   C. Social_3                                                             C. Overall                                                                     C. Why Text                                                                                                                                                                                                                        C. Overall Why                                                                                                                                           C. Overall Why_6_TEXT                                                                          C. Timing                                                    C. Timing_5_TEXT                                                                                                                                  C. Timing Follow                                                                                                                                           C. Why Timing Text   tscenec_First Click   tscenec_Last Click   tscenec_Page Submit   tscenec_Click Count                                                                                       Attention Check 1_1 tattention1_First Click tattention1_Last Click tattention1_Page Submit tattention1_Click Count                                                                 D. Appropriateness_1                                                                  D. Appropriateness_2                                                                    D. Appropriateness_3                                                                      D. Detectability_1                                                                       D. Detectability_2                                                                         D. Detectability_3                                                                                D. Disruption_1                                                                                 D. Disruption_2                                                                                   D. Disruption_3                                                                                                D. Social_1                                                                                                 D. Social_2                                                                                                   D. Social_3                                                             D. Overall                                                                     D. Why Text                                                                                                                                                                                D. Overall Why                                                                                                                                           D. Overall Why_6_TEXT                                                                                                      D. Timing                                                    D. Timing_5_TEXT                                                                                                                                  D. Timing Follow                                                                                                                                           D. Why Timing Text   tscened_First Click   tscened_Last Click   tscened_Page Submit   tscened_Click Count                                                                 E. Appropriateness_1                                                                  E. Appropriateness_2                                                                    E. Appropriateness_3                                                                      E. Detectability_1                                                                       E. Detectability_2                                                                         E. Detectability_3                                                                                E. Disruption_1                                                                                 E. Disruption_2                                                                                   E. Disruption_3                                                                                                E. Social_1                                                                                                 E. Social_2                                                                                                   E. Social_3                                                             E. Overall                                                                     E. Why Text                                                                                                                                                                                                                        E. Overall Why                                                                                                                                           E. Overall Why_6_TEXT                                                             E. Timing                                                    E. Timing_5_TEXT                                                                                                                                  E. Timing Follow                                                                                                                                           E. Why Timing Text   tscenee_First Click   tscenee_Last Click   tscenee_Page Submit   tscenee_Click Count                                                                 F. Appropriateness_1                                                                  F. Appropriateness_2                                                                    F. Appropriateness_3                                                                      F. Detectability_1                                                                       F. Detectability_2                                                                         F. Detectability_3                                                                                F. Disruption_1                                                                                 F. Disruption_2                                                                                   F. Disruption_3                                                                                                F. Social_1                                                                                                 F. Social_2                                                                                                   F. Social_3                                                             F. Overall                                                                     F. Why Text                                                                                                                                                                                F. Overall Why                                                                                                                                           F. Overall Why_6_TEXT                                                             F. Timing                                                    F. Timing_5_TEXT                                                                                                                                  F. Timing Follow                                                                                                                                           F. Why Timing Text   tscenef_First Click   tscenef_Last Click   tscenef_Page Submit   tscenef_Click Count                                                                           Attention Check 2_1 tattention2_First Click tattention2_Last Click tattention2_Page Submit tattention2_Click Count                                                                 G. Appropriateness_1                                                                  G. Appropriateness_2                                                                    G. Appropriateness_3                                                                      G. Detectability_1                                                                       G. Detectability_2                                                                         G. Detectability_3                                                                                G. Disruption_1                                                                                 G. Disruption_2                                                                                   G. Disruption_3                                                                                                G. Social_1                                                                                                 G. Social_2                                                                                                   G. Social_3                                                             G. Overall                                                                     G. Why Text                                                                                                                                   G. Overall Why                                                                                                                                           G. Overall Why_6_TEXT                                                                                                   G. Timing                                                    G. Timing_5_TEXT                                                                                                                                  G. Timing Follow                                                                                                                                           G. Why Timing Text   tsceneg_First Click   tsceneg_Last Click   tsceneg_Page Submit   tsceneg_Click Count                                                                 H. Appropriateness_1                                                                  H. Appropriateness_2                                                                    H. Appropriateness_3                                                                      H. Detectability_1                                                                       H. Detectability_2                                                                         H. Detectability_3                                                                                H. Disruption_1                                                                                 H. Disruption_2                                                                                   H. Disruption_3                                                                                                H. Social_1                                                                                                 H. Social_2                                                                                                   H. Social_3                                                             H. Overall                                                                     H. Why Text                                                                                                                                   H. Overall Why                                                                                                                                           H. Overall Why_6_TEXT                                                                    H. Timing                                                    H. Timing_5_TEXT                                                                                                                                  H. Timing Follow                                                                                                                                           H. Why Timing Text   tsceneh_First Click   tsceneh_Last Click   tsceneh_Page Submit   tsceneh_Click Count                                                                 I. Appropriateness_1                                                                  I. Appropriateness_2                                                                    I. Appropriateness_3                                                                      I. Detectability_1                                                                       I. Detectability_2                                                                         I. Detectability_3                                                                                I. Disruption_1                                                                                 I. Disruption_2                                                                                   I. Disruption_3                                                                                                I. Social_1                                                                                                 I. Social_2                                                                                                   I. Social_3                                                             I. Overall                                                                     I. Why Text                                                                                                                                   I. Overall Why                                                                                                                                           I. Overall Why_6_TEXT                                                             I. Timing                                                    I. Timing_5_TEXT                                                                                                                                  I. Timing Follow                                                                                                                                           I. Why Timing Text   tscenei_First Click   tscenei_Last Click   tscenei_Page Submit   tscenei_Click Count                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Preference Matrix_1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Preference Matrix_2                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Preference Matrix_3                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Preference Matrix_4                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Delay Matrix_1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Delay Matrix_2                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Delay Matrix_3                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Delay Matrix_4                                                                                                                                                                 Final     twrap_First Click     twrap_Last Click     twrap_Page Submit     twrap_Click Count  Q_TotalDuration
0           Start Date             End Date  Response Type   IP Address  Progress  Duration (in seconds)  Finished        Recorded Date        Response ID  Recipient Last Name  Recipient First Name  Recipient Email  External Data Reference  Location Latitude  Location Longitude  Distribution Channel  User Language  Informed Consent of Participation\n\n You are invited to participate in this online study, conducted by Simon Roedig as part of a Master's Thesis in Human-Computer Interaction. The research is supervised by Laura Schütz and Thomas Weber under the direction of Prof. Dr. Albrecht Schmidt (Media Informatics Group, LMU Munich).\n\nPlease note:\n\n• Your participation is voluntary.\n\n• The online study will last approximately 40 minutes.\n\n• We will record personal demographics (age, gender, country of origin, native language, English proficiency, hearing assessment, musical background). No names or IP addresses will be linked to the survey data.\n\n• We will record interaction data (e.g., clicks, timings) during the session.\n\n• All data you provide will be published completely anonymized; it will not include your name and cannot be associated with your identity.\n\n• You may choose to receive compensation for your participation in the form of either:\n\n – Study Participation Hours (MMI Points) (0.25 points per commenced 15-minute interval), or\n\n – Monetary compensation at a rate of €12 per hour, prorated based on participation time.\n\nCompensation details will be provided at the end of the study. Any contact information collected for compensation purposes will be stored separately from your study responses and will not be linked to your survey data. \n\n1. Purpose and Goal of this Research\n\nThe purpose of this research is to investigate how future smart glasses can intelligently adapt auditory notifications based on a user's physical, social, and acoustic environment. The goal is to understand user preferences for audio notification modalities (sounds vs. speech) and delivery timing across various simulated everyday situations. The anonymized results of this research may be presented at scientific meetings or published in scientific journals.\n\n2. Participation and Withdrawal\n\nYour participation in this online study is strictly voluntary. You will be one of approximately 30–40 people surveyed for this research. You may withdraw and discontinue participation at any time simply by closing your browser window. You may also refuse to answer any questions you do not want to answer. At any time and without giving any reason, you can notify us that you want to withdraw your consent (GDPR Art. 7(3)). If you withdraw before completing the survey, any partial data collected will be deleted.\n\n3. Procedure\n\nAs part of this study, you will:\n\n• Answer basic demographic and background questions.\n\n• Familiarize yourself with three different audio notification types using your headphones.\n\n• Immerse yourself in six visual/auditory scenarios and evaluate the notifications for each.\n\n• Answer concluding questions regarding your overall preferences and system design.\n\n4. Risks and Benefits\n\nThere are no anticipated risks associated with this online study. Discomforts or inconveniences will be minor and are unlikely to happen. You will not directly benefit from participation, but your input will help advance knowledge in the field of Context-Aware Human-Computer Interaction.\n\n5. Data Protection and Confidentiality\n\nThe legal basis for processing personal data is the participant's consent pursuant to Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR. The GDPR guarantees a set of rights to data subjects, including:\n\n• The right to access your personal data (GDPR Art. 15).\n\n• The right to correct inaccurate personal data (GDPR Art. 16).\n\n• The right to have your personal data deleted (GDPR Art. 17).\n\n• The right to limit or object to the processing of your personal data (GDPR Art. 18 & 21).\n\nWe will record personal demographics and interaction logs during the online study. All data you provide will be stored and published strictly anonymized. We will remove any personal information that could identify you before publishing the data, ensuring no one can trace the information back to you. Your anonymized data will be stored for up to 10 years (in accordance with good scientific practice guidelines by the DFG). Anonymized data collected may be shared publicly in scientific repositories (e.g., Open Science Framework) for open science purposes.\n\n6. Identification of Investigators\n\nIf you have any questions or concerns about the research or your rights as a participant, please feel free to contact:\n\n• Conductor: Simon Roedig (simon.roedig@campus.lmu.de)\n\n• Supervisors: Laura Schütz (laura.schuetz@tum.de) and Thomas Weber (thomas.weber@ifi.lmu.de)\n\n• Department Head: Prof. Dr. Albrecht Schmidt (LMU Munich)\n\n7. Informed Consent and Agreement\n\nThis consent form will be retained securely and in compliance with the GDPR for no longer than necessary.\n\n\nParticipation in this study requires agreement to all consent statements below. If you do not wish to provide consent, please close the survey and do not proceed:  Timing - First Click  Timing - Last Click  Timing - Page Submit  Timing - Click Count  To participate in this study, you must be using a desktop or laptop computer (not a mobile phone). Are you using a desktop or laptop computer?  This study requires the use of headphones/earbuds. Are you wearing headphones/earbuds? Please put them on now.  🎧 Please listen to the following audio clip and indicate whether the sound is played from the\n left channel, right channel, or both channels.\n\n\n\n\n    \n    Dein Browser unterstützt das Audio-Element nicht.\n\n\n\nQualtrics.SurveyEngine.addOnload(function () {\n\n    var audio = document.getElementById("stimulusAudio2");\n    if (!audio) return;\n\n    // Force full volume initially\n    audio.volume = 1;\n    audio.muted = false;\n\n    // Prevent participant from changing volume\n    audio.addEventListener("volumechange", function () {\n        setTimeout(function () {\n            audio.volume = 1;\n            audio.muted = false;\n        }, 0);\n    });\n\n    // Ensure consistent playback behavior\n    audio.addEventListener("play", function () {\n        audio.volume = 1;\n        audio.muted = false;\n    });\n\n});  Timing - First Click  Timing - Last Click  Timing - Page Submit  Timing - Click Count  What is your age?  What is your gender?  What is your native/primary language?  Please rate your English proficiency for understanding spoken English - English proficiency  Have you ever been diagnosed with a hearing impairment? - Selected Choice  Have you ever been diagnosed with a hearing impairment? - Yes (Describe) - Text  On your primary smartphone, what is your standard notification setting for incoming private messages (e.g., WhatsApp)?  What is the primary reason for your chosen notification setting? (Select multiple) - Selected Choice  What is the primary reason for your chosen notification setting? (Select multiple) - Other: - Text  Have you ever used smart (AI) glasses (e.g. Meta Ray-Ban)? - Experience  Imagine you are wearing smart glasses with private speakers (no integrated display) in your everyday life. Which of the following (smartphone) notifications would you actually want to receive AUDITORILY 🔉 through the glasses? (Only you can hear them) - Selected Choice  Imagine you are wearing smart glasses with private speakers (no integrated display) in your everyday life. Which of the following (smartphone) notifications would you actually want to receive AUDITORILY 🔉 through the glasses? (Only you can hear them) - Others: - Text  Please indicate how strongly you agree or disagree with the following statements. - I would only want my smart glasses to notify me auditorily about messages (e.g. from WhatsApp) that are highly important.  Please indicate how strongly you agree or disagree with the following statements. - I would only want my smart glasses to notify me auditorily about messages (e.g. from WhatsApp) that are highly urgent.      Timing - First Click      Timing - Last Click      Timing - Page Submit      Timing - Click Count  Check: Which two versions informed you about the sender's name?  Imagine you are wearing smart glasses with private speakers (only you can hear the audio). You receive this urgent and important notification from Lilly. Generally, independent of your current situation and task, how would you prefer to be notified?  Briefly explain why you prefer your chosen version. (Answer in English or German)  Please indicate to what extent you agree with the following statements. - If my smart glasses suddenly read a message out loud to me instead of just playing a standard "ding" sound, my first assumption would be that the message is highly urgent and important.  Please indicate to what extent you agree with the following statements. - If I were wearing smart glasses with private speakers in my everyday life, I would find it acceptable for the system to read notifications out loud without my explicit request.  You indicated that you:\n\n[QID163-ChoiceGroup-SelectedAnswers-2]\n\nthat it is acceptable for your smart glasses to read notifications out loud without your explicit request.\n\nWhich of the following factors influenced your answer? - Selected Choice  You indicated that you:\n\n[QID163-ChoiceGroup-SelectedAnswers-2]\n\nthat it is acceptable for your smart glasses to read notifications out loud without your explicit request.\n\nWhich of the following factors influenced your answer? - Other (please specify): - Text  What is the maximum length of a spoken notification you would find acceptable in most situations? (Can Select Multiple) - Selected Choice  What is the maximum length of a spoken notification you would find acceptable in most situations? (Can Select Multiple) - Other: - Text  Please indicate to what extent you agree with the following statement. - I find it highly acceptable if the system automatically summarized LONG WhatsApp messages instead of reading the exact text.  Timing - First Click  Timing - Last Click  Timing - Page Submit  Timing - Click Count  Timing - First Click  Timing - Last Click  Timing - Page Submit  Timing - Click Count  Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🔔 Version 1  Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️ Version 2  Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🔔 Version 1  How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️ Version 2  How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🔔 Version 1  How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️ Version 2  How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🔔 Version 1  How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️ Version 2  How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  Overall, which audio notification would you prefer in this situation?  Briefly share the reason behind your preference: (Answer in English or German)                                                                 Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Selected Choice  Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Other (please specify): - Text       When would you want an audio notification to play? - Selected Choice  When would you want an audio notification to play? - Other: - Text  If you chose to delay the notification in the previous question, which version would you prefer the system to play when that later time arrives?  Briefly share the reason behind your preferred timing (and, if you chose to delay, why you prefer that specific notification version when the time arrives)  Timing - First Click  Timing - Last Click  Timing - Page Submit  Timing - Click Count  Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🔔 Version 1  Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️ Version 2  Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🔔 Version 1  How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️ Version 2  How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🔔 Version 1  How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️ Version 2  How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🔔 Version 1  How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️ Version 2  How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  Overall, which audio notification would you prefer in this situation?  Briefly share the reason behind your preference: (Answer in English or German)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Selected Choice  Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Other (please specify): - Text  When would you want an audio notification to play? - Selected Choice  When would you want an audio notification to play? - Other: - Text  If you chose to delay the notification in the previous question, which version would you prefer the system to play when that later time arrives?  Briefly share the reason behind your preferred timing (and, if you chose to delay, why you prefer that specific notification version when the time arrives)  Timing - First Click  Timing - Last Click  Timing - Page Submit  Timing - Click Count  Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🔔 Version 1  Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️ Version 2  Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🔔 Version 1  How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️ Version 2  How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🔔 Version 1  How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️ Version 2  How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🔔 Version 1  How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️ Version 2  How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  Overall, which audio notification would you prefer in this situation?  Briefly share the reason behind your preference: (Answer in English or German)                                                                                       Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Selected Choice  Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Other (please specify): - Text               When would you want an audio notification to play? - Selected Choice  When would you want an audio notification to play? - Other: - Text  If you chose to delay the notification in the previous question, which version would you prefer the system to play when that later time arrives?  Briefly share the reason behind your preferred timing (and, if you chose to delay, why you prefer that specific notification version when the time arrives)  Timing - First Click  Timing - Last Click  Timing - Page Submit  Timing - Click Count  To ensure our survey is working correctly, please select 'Somewhat disagree' for this question. - Select    Timing - First Click    Timing - Last Click    Timing - Page Submit    Timing - Click Count  Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🔔 Version 1  Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️ Version 2  Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🔔 Version 1  How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️ Version 2  How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🔔 Version 1  How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️ Version 2  How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🔔 Version 1  How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️ Version 2  How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  Overall, which audio notification would you prefer in this situation?  Briefly share the reason behind your preference: (Answer in English or German)                                               Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Selected Choice  Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Other (please specify): - Text                                           When would you want an audio notification to play? - Selected Choice  When would you want an audio notification to play? - Other: - Text  If you chose to delay the notification in the previous question, which version would you prefer the system to play when that later time arrives?  Briefly share the reason behind your preferred timing (and, if you chose to delay, why you prefer that specific notification version when the time arrives)  Timing - First Click  Timing - Last Click  Timing - Page Submit  Timing - Click Count  Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🔔 Version 1  Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️ Version 2  Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🔔 Version 1  How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️ Version 2  How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🔔 Version 1  How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️ Version 2  How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🔔 Version 1  How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️ Version 2  How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  Overall, which audio notification would you prefer in this situation?  Briefly share the reason behind your preference: (Answer in English or German)                                                                                       Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Selected Choice  Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Other (please specify): - Text  When would you want an audio notification to play? - Selected Choice  When would you want an audio notification to play? - Other: - Text  If you chose to delay the notification in the previous question, which version would you prefer the system to play when that later time arrives?  Briefly share the reason behind your preferred timing (and, if you chose to delay, why you prefer that specific notification version when the time arrives)  Timing - First Click  Timing - Last Click  Timing - Page Submit  Timing - Click Count  Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🔔 Version 1  Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️ Version 2  Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🔔 Version 1  How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️ Version 2  How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🔔 Version 1  How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️ Version 2  How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🔔 Version 1  How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️ Version 2  How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  Overall, which audio notification would you prefer in this situation?  Briefly share the reason behind your preference: (Answer in English or German)                                               Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Selected Choice  Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Other (please specify): - Text  When would you want an audio notification to play? - Selected Choice  When would you want an audio notification to play? - Other: - Text  If you chose to delay the notification in the previous question, which version would you prefer the system to play when that later time arrives?  Briefly share the reason behind your preferred timing (and, if you chose to delay, why you prefer that specific notification version when the time arrives)  Timing - First Click  Timing - Last Click  Timing - Page Submit  Timing - Click Count  To ensure our survey is working correctly, please select 'Agree' for this question. - Select    Timing - First Click    Timing - Last Click    Timing - Page Submit    Timing - Click Count  Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🔔 Version 1  Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️ Version 2  Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🔔 Version 1  How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️ Version 2  How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🔔 Version 1  How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️ Version 2  How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🔔 Version 1  How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️ Version 2  How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  Overall, which audio notification would you prefer in this situation?  Briefly share the reason behind your preference: (Answer in English or German)  Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Selected Choice  Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Other (please specify): - Text                                        When would you want an audio notification to play? - Selected Choice  When would you want an audio notification to play? - Other: - Text  If you chose to delay the notification in the previous question, which version would you prefer the system to play when that later time arrives?  Briefly share the reason behind your preferred timing (and, if you chose to delay, why you prefer that specific notification version when the time arrives)  Timing - First Click  Timing - Last Click  Timing - Page Submit  Timing - Click Count  Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🔔 Version 1  Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️ Version 2  Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🔔 Version 1  How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️ Version 2  How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🔔 Version 1  How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️ Version 2  How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🔔 Version 1  How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️ Version 2  How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  Overall, which audio notification would you prefer in this situation?  Briefly share the reason behind your preference: (Answer in English or German)  Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Selected Choice  Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Other (please specify): - Text         When would you want an audio notification to play? - Selected Choice  When would you want an audio notification to play? - Other: - Text  If you chose to delay the notification in the previous question, which version would you prefer the system to play when that later time arrives?  Briefly share the reason behind your preferred timing (and, if you chose to delay, why you prefer that specific notification version when the time arrives)  Timing - First Click  Timing - Last Click  Timing - Page Submit  Timing - Click Count  Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🔔 Version 1  Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️ Version 2  Overall, how appropriate is this notification in the given situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🔔 Version 1  How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️ Version 2  How easily were you able to detect the notification in this environment? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🔔 Version 1  How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️ Version 2  How disruptive was this notification to your ongoing activity in this scenario? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🔔 Version 1  How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️ Version 2  How socially acceptable did it feel to receive this type of notification in this situation? - 🗣️🗣️ Version 3  Overall, which audio notification would you prefer in this situation?  Briefly share the reason behind your preference: (Answer in English or German)  Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Selected Choice  Which of the following factors most strongly influenced your choice of audio notification in this scenario? (Select multiple) - Other (please specify): - Text  When would you want an audio notification to play? - Selected Choice  When would you want an audio notification to play? - Other: - Text  If you chose to delay the notification in the previous question, which version would you prefer the system to play when that later time arrives?  Briefly share the reason behind your preferred timing (and, if you chose to delay, why you prefer that specific notification version when the time arrives)  Timing - First Click  Timing - Last Click  Timing - Page Submit  Timing - Click Count  In the previous scenarios, the WhatsApp message was an urgent and important question requiring your attention ('When are you here?'). If you were in a typical, everyday environment, which audio notification would you prefer for the following types of messages? - A simple acknowledgment (e.g., "Ok", "Sounds good", "👍")  In the previous scenarios, the WhatsApp message was an urgent and important question requiring your attention ('When are you here?'). If you were in a typical, everyday environment, which audio notification would you prefer for the following types of messages? - A routine everyday update (e.g., "I finally finished reading that book you recommended.")  In the previous scenarios, the WhatsApp message was an urgent and important question requiring your attention ('When are you here?'). If you were in a typical, everyday environment, which audio notification would you prefer for the following types of messages? - Great news that doesn't require immediate action (e.g., "I just got the job!" or "We passed the exam!")  In the previous scenarios, the WhatsApp message was an urgent and important question requiring your attention ('When are you here?'). If you were in a typical, everyday environment, which audio notification would you prefer for the following types of messages? - Time-sensitive situations requiring immediate action (e.g., "I'm waiting outside, come down!" or "Are you on your way?")  Imagine your smart glasses detect that you are in a highly focused or busy situation (e.g., deep in work, conversation, or navigating traffic).\n\n➡️ The system decides to delay the notification to avoid interrupting you.\n\nBased on the type of message, what is the MAXIMUM delay you would find acceptable before the system must notify you? - A simple acknowledgment (e.g., "Ok", "Sounds good", "👍")  Imagine your smart glasses detect that you are in a highly focused or busy situation (e.g., deep in work, conversation, or navigating traffic).\n\n➡️ The system decides to delay the notification to avoid interrupting you.\n\nBased on the type of message, what is the MAXIMUM delay you would find acceptable before the system must notify you? - A routine everyday update (e.g., "I finally finished reading that book you recommended.")  Imagine your smart glasses detect that you are in a highly focused or busy situation (e.g., deep in work, conversation, or navigating traffic).\n\n➡️ The system decides to delay the notification to avoid interrupting you.\n\nBased on the type of message, what is the MAXIMUM delay you would find acceptable before the system must notify you? - Great news that doesn't require immediate action (e.g., "I just got the job!" or "We passed the exam!")  Imagine your smart glasses detect that you are in a highly focused or busy situation (e.g., deep in work, conversation, or navigating traffic).\n\n➡️ The system decides to delay the notification to avoid interrupting you.\n\nBased on the type of message, what is the MAXIMUM delay you would find acceptable before the system must notify you? - Time-sensitive situations requiring immediate action (e.g., "I'm waiting outside, come down!" or "Are you on your way?")  We have reached the end of the study. If you have any additional comments, thoughts, or impressions you can share them here: (Optional, answer in English or German)  Timing - First Click  Timing - Last Click  Timing - Page Submit  Timing - Click Count  Q_TotalDuration
1  2026-07-01 18:13:34  2026-07-01 18:25:11     IP Address  91.42.83.10       100                    696      True  2026-07-01 18:25:12  R_8V4Mpp8VAL0NXjC                  NaN                   NaN              NaN                      NaN            48.1815             11.2543             anonymous             EN                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         I understand the explanation provided to me. I was able to save a copy of this form. I reached out to the listed researchers and have had all my questions answered to my satisfaction. Therefore, I voluntarily agree to participate in this online study.,I voluntarily consent to my data being recorded and subsequently processed in line with the GDPR. I have been informed about the consequences of withdrawing my consent.                  0.87                3.655                  4.11                     5                                                                                                   Yes, I am using a desktop or laptop computer.                                                                                   Yes, I am wearing headphones.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Both Channels                 0.669                7.967                 8.794                     8                 24                Female                                 German                                                                         Understand very well                                                                         No                                                                              NaN                                                                Visual and Vibration (Screen lights up + phone vibrates)                             Personal Focus: To avoid distracting myself or breaking my concentration.                                                                                                 NaN                                                        Used occasionally                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Emails,Calendar / Reminder Alerts                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          NaN                                                                                                                                                                                              Somewhat disagree                                                                                                                                                                                  Neither agree nor disagree                     0.953                    30.73                    31.319                        23                                       🗣️Version 2,🗣️🗣️ Version 3                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             🗣️🗣️ Version 3                                                                              Quick                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Somewhat agree                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Neither agree nor disagree                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Too intrusive                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         NaN                                                                                                                     Long (no strong limit)                                                                                                                                      NaN                                                                                                                                                                             Neither agree nor disagree                 0.691                4.421                 5.027                     7                 0.039                1.439                 2.225                     3                                                               Somewhat inappropriate                                                                Somewhat inappropriate                                                                  Somewhat inappropriate                                                                     Difficult to detect                                                                      Difficult to detect                                                                        Difficult to detect                                                                            Somewhat disruptive                                                                             Somewhat disruptive                                                                               Somewhat disruptive                                                                        Neither acceptable nor unacceptable                                                                         Neither acceptable nor unacceptable                                                                           Neither acceptable nor unacceptable                                                           🗣️ Version 2                                                                         Störend  Focus & Mental Effort (e.g., needing to concentrate on my current task without being interrupted),Social Appropriateness (e.g., the presence of others, social etiquette, or not wanting to appear distracted)                                                                                                                                                             NaN  After I finish the current task (e.g., finish writing (part of the) code)                                                                 NaN                                                                                                                                      🗣️ Version 2                                                                                                                                                      Störend                 2.974               34.836                35.227                    38                                                               Somewhat inappropriate                                                              Completely inappropriate                                                                Completely inappropriate                                                    Neither easy nor difficult to detect                                                     Neither easy nor difficult to detect                                                       Neither easy nor difficult to detect                                                                                     Disruptive                                                                                      Disruptive                                                                                        Disruptive                                                                                        Somewhat acceptable                                                                                         Somewhat acceptable                                                                                           Somewhat acceptable                                           No audio notification at all                                                                           Stört                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Physical Safety & Awareness (e.g., needing to pay visual or mental attention to my physical surroundings, like traffic)                                                                                                                                                             NaN             After the meeting segment I am currently involved in ends                                                                 NaN                                                                                                                                      🗣️ Version 2                                                                                                                                                Nicht störend                 6.578              197.214    198.17000000000002                    88                                                                          Appropriate                                                                           Appropriate                                                                             Appropriate                                                    Neither easy nor difficult to detect                                                     Neither easy nor difficult to detect                                                       Neither easy nor difficult to detect                                                                            Somewhat disruptive                                                                             Somewhat disruptive                                                                               Somewhat disruptive                                                                                                 Acceptable                                                                                                  Acceptable                                                                                                    Acceptable                                                           🗣️ Version 2                                                                         Störend  Social Appropriateness (e.g., the presence of others, social etiquette, or not wanting to appear distracted),Physical Safety & Awareness (e.g., needing to pay visual or mental attention to my physical surroundings, like traffic)                                                                                                                                                             NaN  When I switch from relaxing to another task (e.g. tidying room). Music continues.                                                                 NaN                                                                                                                                      🗣️ Version 2                                                                                                                                                      Störend                 0.942               64.851                 69.02                    44                                                                                         Somewhat disagree                   5.023                 10.856                  13.063                       4                                                Neither appropriate nor inappropriate                                                 Neither appropriate nor inappropriate                                                   Neither appropriate nor inappropriate                                                            Somewhat difficult to detect                                                             Somewhat difficult to detect                                                               Somewhat difficult to detect                                                                            Somewhat disruptive                                                                             Somewhat disruptive                                                                               Somewhat disruptive                                                                        Neither acceptable nor unacceptable                                                                         Neither acceptable nor unacceptable                                                                           Neither acceptable nor unacceptable                                                            🔔 Version 1                                                                         Störend                                                                       Physical Safety & Awareness (e.g., needing to pay visual or mental attention to my physical surroundings, like traffic)                                                                                                                                                             NaN                     After I finish setting up the current part of the tent (e.g., finishing putting in a pole)                                                                 NaN                                                                                                                                      🗣️ Version 2                                                                                                                                                     Störend                  1.281               45.239                46.878                    40                                                                        Inappropriate                                                              Completely inappropriate                                                                Completely inappropriate                                                                Very difficult to detect                                                                 Very difficult to detect                                                                   Very difficult to detect                                                                          Not disruptive at all                                                                           Not disruptive at all                                                                             Not disruptive at all                                                                                               Unacceptable                                                                                                Unacceptable                                                                                                  Unacceptable                                                            🔔 Version 1                                                                        Störend   Social Appropriateness (e.g., the presence of others, social etiquette, or not wanting to appear distracted),Physical Safety & Awareness (e.g., needing to pay visual or mental attention to my physical surroundings, like traffic)                                                                                                                                                             NaN        After I reach a safe stopping point (e.g., at a traffic light)                                                                 NaN                                                                                                                                      🗣️ Version 2                                                                                                                                                      Störend                 4.923   34.111999999999995                35.229                    37                                                Neither appropriate nor inappropriate                                                 Neither appropriate nor inappropriate                                                   Neither appropriate nor inappropriate                                                    Neither easy nor difficult to detect                                                     Neither easy nor difficult to detect                                                       Neither easy nor difficult to detect                                                                          Moderately disruptive                                                                           Moderately disruptive                                                                             Moderately disruptive                                                                                        Somewhat acceptable                                                                                         Somewhat acceptable                                                                                           Somewhat acceptable                                                           🗣️ Version 2                                                                         Störend  Acoustic Environment (e.g., the level of background noise, music, or other people talking),Focus & Mental Effort (e.g., needing to concentrate on my current task without being interrupted)                                                                                                                                                             NaN     Once I have collected all items and start walking to the checkout                                                                 NaN                                                                                                                                      🗣️ Version 2                                                                                                                                                      Störend                16.874                51.02                52.088                    45                                                                                         Agree                   1.681                  2.629                    3.48                       2                                                               Somewhat inappropriate                                                                Somewhat inappropriate                                                                  Somewhat inappropriate                                                            Somewhat difficult to detect                                                             Somewhat difficult to detect                                                               Somewhat difficult to detect                                                                            Somewhat disruptive                                                                             Somewhat disruptive                                                                               Somewhat disruptive                                                                        Neither acceptable nor unacceptable                                                                         Neither acceptable nor unacceptable                                                                           Neither acceptable nor unacceptable                                                         🗣️🗣️ Version 3                                                                            Egal                                                Focus & Mental Effort (e.g., needing to concentrate on my current task without being interrupted)                                                                                                                                                             NaN  When there is a natural pause in the podcast or a brief break in cooking (e.g., waiting for water to boil)                                                                 NaN                                                                                                                                    🗣️🗣️ Version 3                                                                                                                                                       Ist ok                  13.9               39.263                39.808                    34                                                               Somewhat inappropriate                                                                         Inappropriate                                                                           Inappropriate                                                                     Difficult to detect                                                                      Difficult to detect                                                                        Difficult to detect                                                                            Slightly disruptive                                                                             Slightly disruptive                                                                               Slightly disruptive                                                                                        Somewhat acceptable                                                                                         Somewhat acceptable                                                                                           Somewhat acceptable                                                            🔔 Version 1                                                                         Störend                                                Focus & Mental Effort (e.g., needing to concentrate on my current task without being interrupted)                                                                                                                                                             NaN  When I briefly pause my studying/reading to take a sip of coffee or look up                                                                 NaN                                                                                                                                      🗣️ Version 2                                                                                                                                              Weniger störend                 1.098                55.31                56.039                    42                                                                        Inappropriate                                                                         Inappropriate                                                                           Inappropriate                                                                Very difficult to detect                                                                 Very difficult to detect                                                                   Very difficult to detect                                                                          Not disruptive at all                                                                           Not disruptive at all                                                                             Not disruptive at all                                                                                      Somewhat unacceptable                                                                                       Somewhat unacceptable                                                                                         Somewhat unacceptable                                                            🔔 Version 1                                                                         Störend                                     Social Appropriateness (e.g., the presence of others, social etiquette, or not wanting to appear distracted)                                                                                                                                                             NaN        After we completely conclude our current topic of conversation                                                                 NaN                                                                                                                                      🗣️ Version 2                                                                                                                                                      Störend                 3.053               26.766                27.764                    35                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Speech 'Version 2' (Sender) 🗣️                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Sound Only 'Version 1' 🔔                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Speech 'Version 2' (Sender) 🗣️                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Sound Only 'Version 1' 🔔                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Moderate delay (Minutes): Can wait until I finish my current task (e.g., finishing an email or a conversation).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Moderate delay (Minutes): Can wait until I finish my current task (e.g., finishing an email or a conversation).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Moderate delay (Minutes): Can wait until I finish my current task (e.g., finishing an email or a conversation).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Brief delay (Seconds): Can wait for a quick safe moment (e.g., until I finish crossing the street, silence).                                                                                                                                                                   NaN                 0.635                14.25                17.403                    15              696
2  2026-07-01 18:25:52  2026-07-01 18:37:17     IP Address  91.42.83.10       100                    684      True  2026-07-01 18:37:18  R_27PsUrpQZ5QjNm1                  NaN                   NaN              NaN                      NaN            48.1815             11.2543             anonymous             EN                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         I understand the explanation provided to me. I was able to save a copy of this form. I reached out to the listed researchers and have had all my questions answered to my satisfaction. Therefore, I voluntarily agree to participate in this online study.,I voluntarily consent to my data being recorded and subsequently processed in line with the GDPR. I have been informed about the consequences of withdrawing my consent.                 0.727                3.544                 3.989                     4                                                                                                   Yes, I am using a desktop or laptop computer.                                                                                   Yes, I am wearing headphones.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Both Channels                 0.569                7.337                 8.063                     8                 20                Female                                Deutsch                                                                              Understand well                                                                         No                                                                              NaN                                                                       Visual and Audio (Screen lights up + sound plays)                             Personal Focus: To avoid distracting myself or breaking my concentration.                                                                                                 NaN                                                                    Never                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Navigation / Directions                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          NaN                                                                                                                                                                                     Neither agree nor disagree                                                                                                                                                                                  Neither agree nor disagree                     1.382                   37.678                    38.898                        28                                       🗣️Version 2,🗣️🗣️ Version 3                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                🗣️Version 2                                                                    Wichtige person                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Neither agree nor disagree                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Neither agree nor disagree                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Depends on context                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         NaN                                                                                                    Medium (up to ~1 minute spoken content)                                                                                                                                      NaN                                                                                                                                                                             Neither agree nor disagree                 1.393                8.675                 9.503                     7                 1.285                1.285                 2.099                     1                                                                        Inappropriate                                                                         Inappropriate                                                                           Inappropriate                                                                     Difficult to detect                                                                      Difficult to detect                                                                        Difficult to detect                                                                            Slightly disruptive                                                                             Slightly disruptive                                                                               Slightly disruptive                                                                                        Somewhat acceptable                                                                                         Somewhat acceptable                                                                                           Somewhat acceptable                                           No audio notification at all                                                                           Stört                                                                                                               Focus & Mental Effort (e.g., needing to concentrate on my current task without being interrupted)                                                                                                                                                             NaN                                              Later, when I am done working                                                                 NaN                                                                                                                                    🗣️🗣️ Version 3                                                                                                                                                           Ok                 2.457               24.303                24.889                    30                                                             Completely inappropriate                                                              Completely inappropriate                                                                Completely inappropriate                                                                Very difficult to detect                                                                 Very difficult to detect                                                                   Very difficult to detect                                                                          Not disruptive at all                                                                           Not disruptive at all                                                                             Not disruptive at all                                                                                    Completely unacceptable                                                                                     Completely unacceptable                                                                                       Completely unacceptable                                           No audio notification at all                                                                      Unhöflich   Acoustic Environment (e.g., the level of background noise, music, or other people talking),Focus & Mental Effort (e.g., needing to concentrate on my current task without being interrupted),Social Appropriateness (e.g., the presence of others, social etiquette, or not wanting to appear distracted),Desire for Information (e.g., wanting to know the exact sender or content immediately without having to use my hands/phone)                                                                                                                                                             NaN                                       Later, when the meeting is over                                                                 NaN                                                                                                                                    🗣️🗣️ Version 3                                                                                                                                                           Ok                 0.073               51.836                52.897                    56                                                                 Somewhat appropriate                                                                  Somewhat appropriate                                                                    Somewhat appropriate                                                    Neither easy nor difficult to detect                                                     Neither easy nor difficult to detect                                                       Neither easy nor difficult to detect                                                                                     Disruptive                                                                                      Disruptive                                                                                        Disruptive                                                                                        Somewhat acceptable                                                                                         Somewhat acceptable                                                                                           Somewhat acceptable                                           No audio notification at all                                                                          Nervig                                                                                                                                                                                                               Other (please specify):                                                                                                                                                        Selftime  When I switch from relaxing to another task (e.g. tidying room). Music continues.                                                                 NaN                                                                                                                                      🗣️ Version 2                                                                                                                                                           Ok                 0.155              147.611               148.647                    84                                                                                         Somewhat disagree                   1.729                  3.464                   4.351                       2                                                                          Appropriate                                                                           Appropriate                                                                             Appropriate                                                    Neither easy nor difficult to detect                                                     Neither easy nor difficult to detect                                                       Neither easy nor difficult to detect                                                                            Somewhat disruptive                                                                             Somewhat disruptive                                                                               Somewhat disruptive                                                                        Neither acceptable nor unacceptable                                                                         Neither acceptable nor unacceptable                                                                           Neither acceptable nor unacceptable                                                           🗣️ Version 2                                                           Wenn’s wichtig ist ok  Acoustic Environment (e.g., the level of background noise, music, or other people talking),Focus & Mental Effort (e.g., needing to concentrate on my current task without being interrupted)                                                                                                                                                             NaN  When there is a brief pause in the physical setup (e.g., stopping to look at instructions or taking a breath)                                                                 NaN                                                                                                                                    🗣️🗣️ Version 3                                                                                                                                                           Ok                  0.06               46.389                46.977                    37                                                                        Inappropriate                                                                         Inappropriate                                                                           Inappropriate                                                                     Difficult to detect                                                                      Difficult to detect                                                                        Difficult to detect                                                                          Not disruptive at all                                                                           Not disruptive at all                                                                             Not disruptive at all                                                                                               Unacceptable                                                                                     Completely unacceptable                                                                                       Completely unacceptable                                           No audio notification at all                                                                           Stört             Focus & Mental Effort (e.g., needing to concentrate on my current task without being interrupted),Physical Safety & Awareness (e.g., needing to pay visual or mental attention to my physical surroundings, like traffic)                                                                                                                                                             NaN                After I have finished cycling / reached my destination                                                                 NaN                                                                                                                                    🗣️🗣️ Version 3                                                                                                                                                           Ok                 0.104               40.152                40.604                    41                                                Neither appropriate nor inappropriate                                                 Neither appropriate nor inappropriate                                                   Neither appropriate nor inappropriate                                                    Neither easy nor difficult to detect                                                     Neither easy nor difficult to detect                                                       Neither easy nor difficult to detect                                                                          Moderately disruptive                                                                           Moderately disruptive                                                                             Moderately disruptive                                                                        Neither acceptable nor unacceptable                                                                         Neither acceptable nor unacceptable                                                                           Neither acceptable nor unacceptable                                                           🗣️ Version 2                                                                         Nervig                                                                                                     Acoustic Environment (e.g., the level of background noise, music, or other people talking)                                                                                                                                                             NaN     Once I have collected all items and start walking to the checkout                                                                 NaN                                                                                                                                    🗣️🗣️ Version 3                                                                                                                                                           Ok                 2.103               24.917                25.646                    31                                                                                         Agree                   1.365                  2.299                   2.815                       2                                                                 Somewhat appropriate                                                                  Somewhat appropriate                                                                    Somewhat appropriate                                                    Neither easy nor difficult to detect                                                     Neither easy nor difficult to detect                                                       Neither easy nor difficult to detect                                                                          Moderately disruptive                                                                           Moderately disruptive                                                                             Moderately disruptive                                                                                        Somewhat acceptable                                                                                         Somewhat acceptable                                                                                           Somewhat acceptable                                                         🗣️🗣️ Version 3                                                                              Ok                                                Focus & Mental Effort (e.g., needing to concentrate on my current task without being interrupted)                                                                                                                                                             NaN                             After I finish an active cooking step (e.g., finishing chopping the vegetables)                                                                 NaN                                                                                                                                    🗣️🗣️ Version 3                                                                                                                                                           Ok                 0.064                45.55    46.644999999999996                    43                                                               Somewhat inappropriate                                                                Somewhat inappropriate                                                                  Somewhat inappropriate                                                                     Difficult to detect                                                                      Difficult to detect                                                                        Difficult to detect                                                                            Slightly disruptive                                                                             Slightly disruptive                                                                               Slightly disruptive                                                                                               Unacceptable                                                                                                Unacceptable                                                                                                  Unacceptable                                           No audio notification at all                                                                      Stört mich                                                Focus & Mental Effort (e.g., needing to concentrate on my current task without being interrupted)                                                                                                                                                             NaN                             After I finish completing the current study task                                                                 NaN                                                                                                                                      🗣️ Version 2                                                                                                                                                           Ok                 0.041               40.237                41.673                    34                                                                        Inappropriate                                                                         Inappropriate                                                                           Inappropriate                                                                     Difficult to detect                                                                      Difficult to detect                                                                        Difficult to detect                                                                          Not disruptive at all                                                                           Not disruptive at all                                                                             Not disruptive at all                                                                                    Completely unacceptable                                                                                     Completely unacceptable                                                                                       Completely unacceptable                                                         🗣️🗣️ Version 3                                                                      Unhöflich                                      Social Appropriateness (e.g., the presence of others, social etiquette, or not wanting to appear distracted)                                                                                                                                                             NaN        After we completely conclude our current topic of conversation                                                                 NaN                                                                                                                                      🗣️ Version 2                                                                                                                                                         Ok\n                 4.766               65.158                65.591                    44                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Mute (Do not notify me auditorily at all) 🔕                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Sound Only 'Version 1' 🔔                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Sound Only 'Version 1' 🔔                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Speech 'Version 2' (Sender) 🗣️                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              No delay: Must interrupt me immediately, regardless of my situation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               No delay: Must interrupt me immediately, regardless of my situation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             No delay: Must interrupt me immediately, regardless of my situation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Brief delay (Seconds): Can wait for a quick safe moment (e.g., until I finish crossing the street, silence).                                                                                                                                                                   NaN                 0.733               40.294                41.471                    23              684